- Previously on
"Vanderpump Rules"...
- Instead of paying bills some
months, he would just buy pills.
It's things
that an addict does,
and I didn't know
I married an addict.
- Bad milk has a longer shelf
life than that marriage.
- That is so mean.
- That is one
of the sickest diamonds.
- Totally bedazzled one.
- So you ready?
- Oh, I'm ready, baby.
- Oh, no! Damn! Oh!
- You've been on this path
of self-destructiveness,
and you are fáááing
up your life.
I love him so much.
He's my best friend.
- Kristen Doherty, it's over.
- Fine.
- Don't you sing a little bit?
- I sing a little bit.
- I bet I can make
you sound fáááing gorgeous.
- James has said
so much sháá about you.
He's like, "She's a slut.
She's a whore."
- I'm fáááing offended.
- You're being a fáááing
basic bitch right now.
That's what are you're doing.
- Oh--oh!
- Usually, I meet a girl,
within ten minutes,
she's my girlfriend.
- You and I would
definitely click then.
- [laughs]
[Dena Deadly's
"Raise Your Glass"]
- ♪ You know ♪
♪ That it's our time ♪
♪ These are the best days ♪
♪ Of our lives ♪
♪ Just raise
your glasses high ♪
♪ This one's
for you tonight ♪
- ♪ La, la, la, la,
la, la, la ♪
♪ I think I like it ♪
♪ La, la, la, la,
la, la, la ♪
♪ Ha, ha, ha ♪
♪ La, la, la, la,
la, la, la ♪
♪ I think I like it ♪
♪ La, la, la, la,
la, la, la ♪
♪ Ha, ha, ha ♪
♪ La, la, la, la ♪
- Good evening.
- Hey.
- Hi.
- Where's your tie?
- This is sexy, right here.
- You're not sexy.
- Well, it's a little cheesy.
- It's, like, you look like
Tom Jones or someone so far.
- I'll take it.
- Why not do a little
hip-thrusting
while you're at it?
- All right.
- Okay, gay pride coming up.
Are you ready?
- Oh, yeah.
Last year was kind of,
like, not that great.
Last year at gay pride,
it was really dead.
There was no business.
- Wow, it's not
as crazy here.
- Lisa kind of put
all her attention on Pump
and sort of
took the back seat on it.
So, this year,
we're kind of hoping
that she puts a little
bit more attention into us,
because I want
to make some money.
- Yeah, but last year,
we didn't do a party.
- Yeah.
- Because Pump was new,
and it was, you know.
- Yeah, Pump was new.
- So we're doing a party
supporting the Friend Movement.
- Okay.
- A charity party.
- Sure.
- It's about giving back.
It's about supporting
who on gay pride?
- Gays.
- The LGBT community.
It's hard enough
to throw one successful party,
but one successful party
this year would be a failure.
I need two.
Both need to be
a rip-roaring success.
We'll see you later.
- Okay.
- Dude, if Lisa's having
a party here,
that means we're gonna
get way more of a crowd
than we did last year.
- That's a plus. That's a plus,
'cause last year--
- Drunk gay guys
tip really well.
- [laughs]
[upbeat music]
- You're welcome.
♪ ♪
Hey.
- Hi.
- What's going on?
- Just making a cappuccino
because the bussers
are too busy.
- Me too.
- I love making coffee.
- I'm exhausted.
- Hold on, let me drop this off.
I'll be right back.
- Okay.
[whirring]
- Do you need help?
- I mean, in more than one way.
- I mean, I know
you usually do, but--
- Yes. I've been
watching this show
that's, like,
absolutely amazing,
and this girl in the show had,
like, five days to live.
I'm like--I was thinking,
like, if someone said,
"Hey, you have five days
to live," what would you do?
- I would probably fly
to, like, Paris
or go to Egypt and see,
like, the pyramids.
- That would take two days
right there.
- Well,
that's what comes to mind.
What comes to mind for you?
- Like, I'd probably off a bunch
of people that I don't like.
- Who would be the first person
on your hit list?
- James.
100%.
- Is it because he's the one
making out with Lala
and not you?
- Well, no, I mean--
- Oh, come on.
- No.
- Have you ever lost a hot girl
to a skinny DJ?
Ever since James has put
headphones around his neck,
I mean, all of these girls
at Sur are just like...
- Al right. So put these on.
- Okay.
- Do you hear that, right there?
- All right, cool, mate.
- People have their things,
but I just could never date
someone whose clothes
were smaller than mine.
- I'm currently somewhat-ish
maybe dating.
- What is up with that?
I mean, she lives in Kentucky.
- I know.
- I don't want to leave you.
- I don't want
you to leave either.
- So what are you doing?
- We're not together,
but, I mean, when she's here,
we hang out and have fun.
- So that's Brittany.
Um, so Lala--
- Obviously, Lala's beautiful.
I'm not gonna sit here
and be like, "Oh, my God,
I'm not attracted."
She's obviously a gorgeous girl.
- Obviously.
- You know, I look at Lala
like that sports car
you see at a dealership.
You know,
you're not gonna buy it,
but you want to take it
for a test drive.
I'd go after Lala in a second.
I think that it'd be fun,
but it'd be quick.
- At Pride tomorrow, you should
just get her really drunk.
- I don't think
I need to get her that drunk.
- Put out the dresses.
- Okay.
I want to see
what I'm wearing.
- You ready?
- Yeah.
They're kind of cute,
party--
- Oh, that's cute.
Yeah. I like that.
- So cute, right?
- It's gorgeous, right?
But I want them back, okay?
- Yeah. No, no, no.
And I have the black ones too.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I want to put the girls
in some really cute,
little dresses,
bring a different energy
to the party,
but it's a real challenge.
But I think these dresses
are gonna be great.
Okay, anybody got anything
else for me?
both: Um...
- Well, Scheana and Shay
are doing a lot better.
- We're gonna follow up
with her and make sure
that she's taking everything
seriously.
- Yeah.
- And is, you know--
if she wants this to work,
that, you know, she takes
the necessary steps
to make sure that she's...
happy and the relationship
is the same.
- I don't think
it's that simple.
I feel devastated for Scheana,
because she's one
of those people
that she wants
everything to be perfect.
She's had the perfect wedding,
and she's trying
to create this perfect life,
and sometimes, you have to face
the harshness of reality.
So, let's be supportive
of her and...
- Yeah, of course.
- Well, I love both of them.
- Yeah.
- I mean, they're both
our friends.
- Of course, yeah.
- We care about
both of them a lot, so...
- Yeah.
- Everyone's going
to be sháá faced.
Like, hopefully not Shay.
- Just tell him to go home.
Go play golf
with his dad or something.
- No, he wants to come.
I mean, he comes every year.
It's, like, tradition.
- I think he wants to come
and hang out, yeah.
- Shay and I
went through hell recently,
but the last couple weeks
have been great.
I really think
he's turning a new leaf.
I don't want you to think this
is because I don't trust you.
- I understand.
- If marijuana is positive,
I'll give you a pass.
This could be the new Shay.
- What, do you expect
him to come here and not drink?
- No, I don't expect him
to not drink.
I--the thing is, I couldn't
date someone who's dead sober.
I want to be married to someone
who is capable of having
a couple of drinks
without getting
sháá faced wasted.
- Being at Sur is probably
one of the worst ideas.
She's actually
setting him up for failure.
It's just hard to come
to gay pride and not drink.
- Oh, totally.
- It's like a circus here.
♪ We don't care,
tell 'em we don't care ♪
♪ We're alive,
we're alive ♪
♪ ♪
[knock on door]
[dog barks]
- Hello.
- Hi. What's up?
- Not much.
- Hi. Who's this?
- This is my baby.
- Your baby?
- Yeah, Lily.
- Oh, my God.
What a beautiful dog.
- Isn't she cute?
Lily.
Lily and Lala.
How are you?
- How you doing? I'm good.
- James is at my house for a
reason, and it's to make music.
I'm not worried about anything
that happened last night.
Apologize for calling me
a basic bitch,
because I was ready
to fáááing rip your head off.
- I apologize.
Baby, I'm sorry, okay?
- Now, can we go? I'm over it.
- Yeah. All right. Let's go.
- I don't hold grudges.
A lot of people in this group
hold grudges, though,
like, hardcore.
Let it go.
- We're not
gonna do much today.
I just want you
to get comfortable.
- Yep.
- I kind of want to
break you through,
and I feel like
last night put
a damper on that, dude.
I need you to trust me
or trust them.
Like, straight up.
- I don't know
how to stress
this enough to you.
I'm grown.
I'm not picking sides.
I trust Lala's judgment.
- You were kissing me
one second,
and you talked to Kristen,
and then five minutes later,
what happened?
- We're killing the vibe
right now. Let's just--
- Fine.
Done.
Done, can we just have fun?
- Yes.
Let's make our way back
to what we--
what you said
we could do today.
- Can you bite my tongue?
- Mm-mm.
- Can I bite yours?
- No, you can't bite my tongue.
Fááá that sháá.
That sounds like it hurts.
- You can bite me as much
as you want, 'cause I like that.
- Do you?
- Yeah.
- Do you want
me to draw blood?
- It's really weird, but I'm,
like, having an orgasm, right?
And you bite the back
of my fáááing arm,
I will fáááing go crazy.
If you start nibbling, like,
right down here a little bit
and get harder and harder
to the top,
I'm probably gonna call
you the next day.
How insane is that?
- It's weird.
James is a kinky,
weird motherááááer.
I don't think we're gonna
be sexually compatible.
I'm a lover, not a biter.
Last night
was intense for me.
I'm not in any position
to be, like,
exclusively dating anybody.
- Yeah, me neither.
I'm not also gonna be,
like, being fáááed around.
Like, that's not what I'm doing.
- Wait, what do you mean?
You're not gonna go,
and like,
kick it with other people
and fááá other people?
Is that what you're--
- Would that hurt you if I did?
- I mean,
I don't want to know about it.
- Fine.
You do you, and I'll do me.
- I have to lay out
boundaries for James,
because he is very aggressive.
When I tell him
that I just want to have fun,
it means fun, period.
I'm gonna be honest.
I'm, like,
really, really nervous.
- You've got nothing
to be nervous about.
There's no judgment.
It's just me and you right now.
Okay?
- Okay.
- All right. Cool.
So, I want you to say,
"There ain't nobody that I'm
feeling like I'm feeling you."
- "There ain't nobody
that I'm feeling
like I'm feeling you?"
- Yeah.
Ready?
Five, six, seven, eight--
- ♪ Ain't nobody
that I'm feeling ♪
♪ Like I'm feeling you ♪
- Yeah, yeah.
- ♪ There ain't nobody that
I'm feeling ♪
- Yeah. Yeah.
- ♪ Like I'm feeling you ♪
♪ Like I'm feeling you,
like I'm feeling you ♪
- ♪ Everybody freeze,
put your hands up ♪
♪ We ain't about to take it
easy, we're kicked up ♪
♪ Little with the beats
here we go, so in ♪
♪ But you go with a friend,
now we both win ♪
♪ Hotel, chilling,
yeah, in the suite ♪
♪ Got the pint with the koozy
up in the suite ♪
♪ Taking pics
with the side chicks ♪
♪ Oops, delete,
hey, oops, delete ♪
♪ Say what? Oh ♪
- ♪ Ain't nobody
that I'm feeling ♪
♪ Like I'm feeling you ♪
- ♪ Say what? ♪
- ♪ Like I'm feeling you,
like I'm feeling you ♪
♪ Ain't nobody that I'm feeling
- Whoo!
This is fáááing hot, girl.
Yeah.
- ♪ Like I'm feeling you ♪
- And then we'll do
some sick drop right there.
- Yeah, I like it.
I'm hyped.
- Yo, we just made a fáááing
smash there, dude, real quick.
You could say I was born
into the music industry.
You know,
my dad managed Wham,
and George Michael actually
happens to be his cousin,
and he's also my godfather.
So, literally being born
into this musical industry,
I've really been shown
how hard it is to make it.
You need to have not only
the work ethic,
but you also
have to be talented.
- All right, so, cool.
I'm hyped on it.
- Hey, I'm excited for tomorrow.
I want you to come see me
and we'll DJ.
- Okay.
- Regardless, I'm gonna
make sure that I come see you.
- I don't even know
what my plan is.
- Are you okay with that?
I don't know where you're at.
I don't know where you're
at right now with me.
- I don't either.
- I don't like that, Lala.
- Well, you just
got to go with it,
'cause it's just kind of
how I am, you know?
There's something
extremely sexy
about a talented guy.
It's just hot.
If James
would just shut the fááá up
and just speak
through his music,
I think we could go somewhere.
I may even consider
biting his arm.
We had a
really good date today.
You have to go.
- Coming up...
- That's it.
Work it.
Uh-oh.
- Ew, stop.
- He's got
the mission--one hand.
Man,
my ground's getting wet.
♪ Turning off the lights,
let's take take the night ♪
♪ We're living
that good life ♪
♪ Feeling so free,
living life easy ♪
♪ Good life, good love,
good feeling ♪
- What up, man?
- What's going on, man?
- I went to college with Alfred.
I went to
Florida State with him.
- Oh, sweet.
- That's how we know each other.
- And that's
how I know him as well.
- Oh, cool.
- So...
- This is kind of the man
of the hour.
- Tell me what's up.
Tell me what's up.
- I'm just trying
to get healthy, man.
You know, lose weight,
get healthy again.
- Basically,
we combine all these
major art forms,
like acrobatics, dance,
capoeira, martial arts,
kickboxing.
- I feel like Shay
just needs a win. I don't know.
I think he can benefit from
Afro-Brazilian dance fighting.
- All right, let's do this.
Let's start. Come on.
- Let's do it man.
- Down.
Back up.
- Oh, that's a good one.
- Down. Come back up.
Touch your abs. Touch.
Down, up, down.
Five--go.
Press, press, press.
Push.
Push it, Shay.
Push it.
Lean back a little more
in your--in your hip.
That's it. Good.
Breathe a little bit.
- I am definitely
out of shape.
- I mean, unfortunately,
you can't get back in shape
in one day.
Trust me.
I've tried.
- That's it.
Nice.
That's it.
Good.
- I lost it.
- Yeah, you were almost there.
- I can't even lift my arms.
- Hit. Right cross. Hit. Hit.
That's it.
Keep the gloves up.
Hit.
One, two, three.
One, two--
- Oh, sháá.
- One--three, two--
- I guess.
I might throw up.
- If you feel like
you're gonna throw up,
just hold your hand here.
[retches]
[coughs]
- I like that Shay's got
the fire in his belly, you know?
I'm a little concerned that he's
puking it out at the moment,
but I think he can get it back.
- How you feeling, man?
- Good.
- You guys ready to try
the next test?
- Yeah, let's do it.
- You ready? All right.
Imagine you're in the bed,
all right?
- If I imagine I'm in the bed,
I'll probably throw up.
- No. You good. You good.
Just watch.
Okay, I want you guys
to just go here...
- Okay.
- And just move.
And just see how long
you can last doing that.
You guys ready?
Go.
Nice and smooth.
Give me a little more
snake, Tom.
snake, shorts. Let's go short.
- I need somebody to make
eye contact with.
Shorts,
give me some snake.
Work it.
Uh-oh. Oh, look for it.
He's got the mission--
one hand.
Man,
my ground's getting wet.
Keep going.
Push.
- Oh, sháá, I busted.
- He came already.
No. She's not ready.
- Listen. Tom's only been
in a relationship for, like,
a year, year and a half,
so, you know, give it
a few more years, then we'll see
how fast you're grinding.
- You got some
great friends, man.
Your friends coming here,
supporting you, you know?
Helping you take
your health to the next level
I think is really good.
- When you stop working out,
the hardest day is the start.
And that's why, like, dude,
we'll pick you up and go do it.
This isn't just about
getting in shape.
It's about feeling better
about your life.
And I'm just hoping that Shay
is ready
to make that commitment.
Hey, I was gonna ask you.
Is that ring almost done?
- Dude, next week.
- Next week?
- Yeah.
The ring is gonna be
fáááing awesome.
I'm getting a custom-made ring.
- It's, like,
in the shape of, like, a tear.
- A teardrop.
It's, like, sick.
- Have you been thinking
of some clever ideas for--
- I think I'm gonna
keep it completely top secret,
even from you.
I'm sorry.
- Think about possibly
sharing it with me.
- I'll think about it.
I'm downright giddy
about the ring.
I'm really excited
about picking it up, you know?
But Shay's going through a lot
in his relationship right now,
so I'm trying to not bounce off
the walls, you know?
- How do you feel, man?
- Good.
- You think you're down to,
like, come back here?
- Fááá, yeah.
- Do it?
- Yeah, for sure.
- How you been as far as, like,
drinking and stuff like that?
- The drinking thing wasn't as
serious as, like, the pills.
Like, I--I was
addicted to those.
- Yeah.
- I just got to get right, dude.
You know, I want to move
on with my life and be happy
and have kids and live a long
life with Scheana, you know?
And if I'm fáááing up
right now,
you never know
what can happen.
- Thank you for coming with me.
- Oh, yeah.
- No one wants to do
this by them self.
- Hey, there.
- Hi.
So, I recently got mar--
well, not recently.
It's been almost a year,
but I haven't
changed my name yet.
- Okay.
- Does she have to take
a new picture?
- Yes.
[both gasp]
- New picture today.
- Good thing I had my hair
and makeup done.
- Your pretty picture.
- It better look as good
as this one, then.
- You've got it all filled out,
so here's your number.
Just wait for them
to give you a call.
- Okay.
- It shouldn't be long.
- Awesome.
The last few days
have been a lot better.
We're communicating.
I'm the happiest
I've literally
ever been with him.
Scheana Marie Shay.
I mean, Scheana Marie
was a cool name,
but Scheana Shay
is so much cooler.
- Okay, so now
we're gonna do the photo.
- Okay.
I'm such a girl.
- No, you look great.
You just step back, right
behind the white line for me.
- This one?
- There we go.
You're gonna stand straight.
Take a deep breath.
Give us a pretty smile.
Hold it,
and three, two, one.
Okay.
That's good.
Come look how great you look.
- Oh, thanks.
- You're a cover girl.
- You know, I'm not a big fan
of marriage for myself.
My parents separated
when I was very little,
got back together,
we had my brother,
and then they kind of
just went their separate ways
when I was in college,
but I don't think
there's really anything about
my upbringing
that would cause me
to believe what I believe
about marriage and kids,
and I believe in
Scheana and Shay's marriage.
- It's official.
- I now pronounce you
Scheana Marie Shay.
- Thank you, my darling.
- [laughs]
- Dude, I know
you said you were kind of
afraid to talk to Scheana
or to be expressive
about yourself.
Has it gotten better?
Like,
as far as communication?
Do you feel comfortable
talking to Scheana now?
- I mean,
it'll definitely take time.
Scheana's a very strong,
opinionated person,
and in our relationship,
she definitely
has always kind of, like,
run the show
and likes to be in control.
It's almost like I gave her
even more ammo
to, like, have
to run the relationship,
because, you know,
I fáááed up.
She listens,
and then, you know--
but there's gonna
definitely be days
that maybe she doesn't and
I have to say something, so...
- Yeah.
- It sucks, because
she has something
to hold over my head now,
and I don't know when
that's ever gonna go away.
The one thing
she has to work on, I think,
is I have a conversation
with her, like this,
and then, like, no response,
and then I look over,
and she's just on her phone.
- It's like...[clicks]
- Those nails just clacking.
- And her nails, yeah.
Her nails are just like...
[clicks]
And they're so fast.
both: Yeah.
- So I kind of,
like, yelled at her,
and then she kind of
got upset,
but then I got to take
everything day by day right now.
You know?
- Yeah.
Shay's, like,
one of my only friends
in Los Angeles
that's married, so you know,
I sort of look to him
to see
what it's gonna be
like, and right now,
it's looking kind of scary.
If they're having problems,
anyone can have problems.
You know?
- Scheana Shay!
- Yeah, I was gonna say.
- It's official.
- The official Scheana Shay.
- I mean, I wouldn't have
thought after the last two weeks
that I'd be this happy again.
- Yeah, you would.
- No, there were--there were--
- Well, maybe not--
- A couple days where
I'm like,
"Are we gonna get a divorce?"
Like, I was miserable.
- That's what
"for better or worse" is for.
- Yeah, it was just,
like, for worse or for worse.
- You're there for each other
in the sháááy times too.
- Yeah.
Shay and I are finally in
a really good
and strong place.
I'm seriously,
for reals ready to be
Mrs. Scheana Shay.
- I'll see you later,
Scheana Shay.
- Yay.
Love you.
I will see you tomorrow.
- Okay. Bye.
- All right, bye.
- Coming up...
I need the whole Pump
to be looking 1,000% different
than it is right now.
If anybody's looking at me,
then I'm gonna yell at them.
♪ Let's make some noise ♪
♪ Rise like a Phoenix
to the open sky ♪
♪ Celebrate your life ♪
♪ Celebrate your life,
whoa ♪
- See you later.
- Where's the tie back here?
- I don't know, baby.
- Oh, this looks like
a bloody mess.
It is pride weekend,
which is a huge weekend,
so I need the bar set up.
Pink it up.
Gay it up.
- Gay it up. Okay.
Let's gay it up. We hoes.
- I need the whole Pump
to be looking
1,000% different
than it is right now.
If anybody's looking at me,
then I'm gonna yell at them...
- Yes.
- Because we should be moving.
It's actually quite taxing
to throw two parties
a few hundred yards
from each other.
Where's James?
Isn't James supposed to be here?
[dance music]
What's this here
on the bar?
- There he is.
- Oh, finally.
Nice of you to show up, yeah?
Why are you so late?
- I was just running on
the street like a crazy person.
- Come on, I want to hear it.
I want to hear the sound test.
Put your Pump shirt on,
as well.
What the hell happened to you?
To your arms and everything?
What's all this?
Turn around.
What the hell is that?
- Battle wounds?
- What, were you
in bloody bed with?
A leopard or something?
- Well, what do you
want me to say, Lisa?
- Well, I don't want you
to say anything, clearly.
No, no, no.
No, no, no, no, no.
I don't want to hear it.
La, la, la, la,
la, la...
Was it Lala?
- La la la la la--
Lala.
- It was not Lala.
If that's what you just said.
It was not her.
- Are those marks
from Kristen again?
- Oh, God, no.
- Something's going on,
and I don't like it.
I smell trouble.
[laughter]
[upbeat music]
♪ ♪
Listen, can you drive me home?
I've got to get ready.
I don't want to come
to this party looking like this.
- Yeah.
- Can you drive me home?
Lala?
It was somebody else
that works at, uh...
- Lauren?
- Thank you.
- Of course.
- What is James doing?
I mean, what is he thinking?
Oh, my God.
- I mean,
West Hollywood's a huge place.
There's a smorgasbord
of young,
gorgeous waitresses.
Why does he have to
fraternize with mine?
Let's go.
- ♪ Party! ♪
- ♪ We can ♪
both: Whoo!
- ♪ Party! ♪
♪ Party! ♪
- ♪ We can ♪
- ♪ Party! ♪
♪ ♪
- Last year,
Lisa did not throw
a party at Sur
for Pride,
so it was really sad.
But this year,
she is throwing a party.
Fingers crossed,
it'll be super slammed busy.
♪ ♪
- Careful, careful,
careful.
- Oh!
- Trying to stick
a pole up your ass.
- Wouldn't be the first time.
- Oh.
- Oh, I'm just kidding.
[laughs]
- Cheers, guys.
- Here we go.
- Why not? Fááá it.
- Good morning.
- When in Rome.
[dance music]
♪ ♪
- How's it going?
- Hi, it's going great.
- It's good?
- Yeah, I love it.
Yeah, it's bumping.
♪ ♪
- Yay.
Happy Pride!
It's a very important day
for us,
and it's so demanding.
I actually wear a big hat.
I know it sounds weird,
but a wide-brimmed hat--
people don't want to
go underneath--
to give myself
just a little barrier,
because sometimes
it's overwhelming.
- Happy Pride!
♪ ♪
- Grommie.
- Here you go.
♪ ♪
- Has it been crazy?
- It's been
fáááing crazy all day.
Dude, I've been eying
Jax for a minute.
- Hey! Whoo!
Hey!
Hey, come over here.
- Go. Go, talk to him.
- How do my tits look?
- Whoo!
[upbeat music]
Well, hi, lovely.
How are you?
- Hi, sweaty monkey.
- I haven't seen you--
- How are you?
- What's going on?
- This is intense for me.
- So, can I ask you?
- Well, we just talked
five minutes ago,
and it's--I guess--
I don't know what's going on.
I don't think
it's anything anymore.
You know,
there was a rumor going around
that Brittany and I broke up.
Well, maybe I was the one
that started that rumor,
but we're not really sure
where things are going.
so I'm definitely allowed
to flirt.
- Can we have, like,
a drink or something sometime?
You know, just friendly.
- I don't mind. Okay.
Let's go out
and have a drink.
- I have always thought
that Jax is a complete banger.
He has this smile,
and he's big,
and the tattoos--
they kill me every time.
It just announces
that he can take a lot of pain.
I mean,
with how many Jax has?
Like, that's a man
that can get roughed up.
- And we'll talk more.
I'm losing my voice.
I'm sorry.
- You're fine, baby.
- Do your thing.
- Okay. Bye.
[upbeat music]
♪ ♪
- Hey, oh!
- What's going on, my man?
You good?
- What happened?
- Not much.
Just a little bit of a trim.
- Peter, I mean, whoa.
You without your long hair,
it's like--
I don't know, it's like Popeye
without his spinach.
He didn't make out with
almost all of our girlfriends
with short hair.
[laughs]
- Bubba!
- Hey, B! Oh, sorry.
Oh, my God.
I'm overwhelmed.
Hey, baby. Hi.
- What's going on?
You just get here?
- Yeah.
I breathed the biggest
sigh of relief
when I walked by Pump.
- That you're not there again?
- I'm so happy.
I don't think
I could do it again.
- I'm happy to see Schwartz.
I'm not happy that he's
rubbing salt in my wound
that he doesn't have
to work and I am working.
- I feel like I need a beer.
I need something.
- Son of a bitch.
Do you want to come
to the garden with me?
- Yeah, yeah.
Will you hold my hand?
I'm serious.
I'm shy today.
[dance music]
♪ ♪
- We're out
of wine glasses again.
- I'm out of wine glasses too.
Wine glasses.
How have these wine glasses
run out?
- Jax's bar tending,
in general,
is like a bull
in the china shop.
So, Jax bar tending sháá faced
is like
a bull in a china shop
on roller skates
during an earthquake.
- Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Katie, come here.
I want to see that.
Katie. Katie.
- These are for the guests.
If you want to help us
pass them, you can eat them.
Exactly. Then you don't get one.
- Why?
- Because I said.
♪ ♪
- What's up, baby?
Hi.
- Lauren was pretty much
begging me this morning
not to tell anyone about this,
but there's not much
I can do to hide this.
Look at my fáááing back
for God's sakes.
Way to--way to keep
those tracks cleaned up.
- Turn around for me.
No.
Turn around for me.
What the--
What is that, James?
- You want me
to be honest with you?
- No, I want you
to fáááing lie to me.
- I, uh...I slept
with someone last night.
- Okay.
- And that's, uh...
and that's what happened.
I like to--
- And she was, like,
a motherááááing cobra?
I don't understand.
What is this?
- I mean, babe,
when I'm peaking in bed,
I like to be bit.
You always wanted me
to be honest with you,
so I'm just straight-up honest.
- All right, bye, bye.
- Bye?
- I said I would not be annoyed,
but I actually am.
Bye.
No, for real, bye.
- Hey, you don't want
a boyfriend, right?
If you had committed to me--
let me be--let me be
straight up with you.
I know I just got off
with Kristen and stuff,
but you're the most
beautiful girl
that I think I've ever seen
in my fáááing life.
- Maybe back
a little bit off of me.
- But you don't
want a boyfriend.
- Back a little bit
off of me, seriously.
- And I'm not even
your type. Fine.
Listen. I want Lala
to see the scratches.
I want her to know that I was
playing with someone else,
and you know, let's just say
I'm still playing by her rules.
- I just want to literally
fáááing scalp you right now.
Get out of my face.
- I didn't--she was good.
I didn't--
- Get out of my face.
Good-bye.
- You literally
told me to go? Lala--
- Don't touch me.
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
- Coming up...
- Wait--your bruises?
What is with this?
Where is this from?
- Kristen can tell you,
I like to get bit.
♪ ♪
- I want you to check out
what's going on behind the bar.
Make sure they've got
everything they need.
♪ ♪
- You drinking?
Same thing for you?
- I'm actually glad to see
that Sur is as busy as Pump.
Whenever you throw a party,
you know,
you always have that feeling,
"Will anybody show up?"
♪ ♪
So I'm always, you know,
happy to see
it actually is thriving.
Killing it down there.
What about here?
- Everything's good.
I mean, I can, like,
fill you in on the whole
James-Lala situation,
but other than that, I--
- Oh, my God, I don't even
want to hear about that now.
- I know, I know.
I'm gonna get back to work.
- Work here.
There's, like,
20 people that need serving.
- Muah.
[laughs]
♪ ♪
- This is really good.
- This is really heavy.
- And really heavy. Let's go.
- What do you guys want?
Tell me what you want.
No, I want to make
hard drinks.
Dude,
you're here to get drunk.
- There you go!
Yes.
I'm not gonna fááá up
all those sháás.
No, you're here
to get wasted.
- All right.
[glass shatters]
- Where's my drink?
Fix my drink.
- God damn it, Jax.
- Sháá.
- You gotta clean this up.
- I don't gotta get rid
of all of it.
- Everything.
- When you break glass
behind a bar,
it's a big deal, because
obviously, the glass is clear.
So is ice. So you have to change
all the ice out.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
- That's all right.
- I'm not saying that we
shouldn't clear out
all the ice
with the glass in it,
I'm just saying
I don't want to.
I'm drunk
and I just don't feel like it.
[upbeat music]
♪ ♪
- How was your day?
- It was good. It was good.
Crazy.
- Yeah?
Was everyone trying to give you
shots out there, like, galore?
- Kind of. I'm taking it easy.
- Yeah.
- I haven't taken any today.
I had, like, a beer or two.
I'm not trying
to get too sháááy today.
- Yeah.
Even, like, a week ago,
I don't think Shay
would've been comfortable
coming out
to a crazy party
and drinking environment,
such as Pride.
- And I get to watch
everyone else get sháá face.
- Right?
- Be, like, "Oh.
Oh, that used to be me.
Oh, that's embarrassing."
- However, he's been
doing really great recently,
and I'm hoping this is just
more good times to come.
Can we just hide back here
until everybody leaves?
- I'm good with that.
[dance music]
- There's a whole
lot of pink.
- How should I do this?
Should I kneel?
- Let me have a look.
You look gorgeous.
Why isn't every day
like this?
- Yes!
[cheers]
- Okay, now, everybody
make out with Peter.
- Okay, all right.
[all shouting]
[dramatic music]
- Oh, those hats are so cute.
Oh, those are the dresses.
This is the first time
that I am not working
gay pride at Sur,
but this year,
I get to drink at pride
without getting
yelled at by Lisa.
- Ariana, get on the board.
Yeah.
- Okay, I'm jumping in.
- Kristen, no.
Out.
- [scoffs]
I'm not Sur stuff anymore.
- You made that decision
when you were rude.
- That's true.
- It's so strange to me
that Kristen
always wants to, kind of,
try and infiltrate,
like, an unwelcome group.
She wants to be
front and center.
She would be on the bonnet
of that car,
spread-eagled in a pink dress
if I let her.
- This is so Sur,
like, I can't even.
- And she doesn't understand
she lost that privilege
when she told Diana
to suck a dick.
All right.
Let's get back to work.
[upbeat music]
♪ ♪
- You guys been slammed?
- Oh, God, yeah.
Careful, careful.
- I wanted to come for a bit,
and I'm like,
"Oh, my God,
I can't move anywhere."
This is way crazier
than last--any year.
- Yeah, no, over there
is pretty nuts.
- Let me fix it.
- Thank you.
Thank you.
- I really do
like the hat, though.
- Where's--
- It makes it more original.
- Are you okay? You good?
- I'm good.
- Sorry what happened.
I mean, you know--
- I care about him
and wish him the best.
It just wasn't good, and I--
- But James says
the same thing to me.
You know,
he feels the same way.
- Except at 5:30
in the morning,
when he acted like a psycho--
- I know.
That's what I'm saying.
It flip-flops.
- So what happened?
- Cops showed up.
They almost arrested him.
- Is that why
he has bruises on his arm?
- Are you serious?
- I...
He got that from
a certain kind of fight.
- With who?
- Not a guy.
- He brought
a random girl back
and got into a fist fight
with her?
- No, no, no.
I mean they were having--
they were having sex,
and it's like--
'cause he's a guy.
- Oh, so it's bruises from sex.
- Yeah, it was bruises
and scratches from sex.
- Oh, I thought he,
like, fought someone.
- No.
- I'm like, "What the fááá?"
- What the fááá is with these
people biting and scratching?
I don't know where
they learn these things.
Who's turned on by this sháá?
- Oh, hello.
- Thank you very much.
- What's up, mate?
- Jesus Christ.
- How are you?
- Nice you're here.
- I thought you were at Pump.
- I'm taking a break.
I'm DJing for 10 hours today.
- So who did you fááá?
I'm curious.
- Doesn't matter.
- I'm curious.
- Was it Lala,
or was it someone new?
- Hey, hey--
- 'Cause I heard you got
the cops called.
What's with all these--
what, you have bruises?
What is with this?
Where is this from?
- Kristen can tell you.
I like to get bit.
Remember, babe?
- He's a fáááing mess.
Like--
[groans]
Aah.
[dance music]
♪ ♪
- Why am I upset right now?
- Don't be upset.
It's 'cause you're drunk.
That's why.
- Like, what the fááá
just happened?
Roles were reversed just now.
I did not care.
I'm like, "Sleep with whoever
you want. I don't care."
- So don't care.
Don't care.
Don't fáááing--
don't ask who it is.
Don't ask who
this person was.
You don't care.
You don't need to
be around that sháá.
You really think--
since I told you I was, like,
"Just fun," I don't need
to know who it is."
- Yeah, you don't.
- Okay.
- Who cares?
All he knows, you could be
sleeping with someone else.
- So me wanting to know
who the fááá
he slept with last night--
should I let it go?
- Let it go.
- I want to know so badly.
- You don't want to know.
You're gonna let it go.
- Who marks a man up
like that?
- You let it go.
- My blood is
fáááing boiling.
- I think Lauren
is giving good advice.
She wants me to think
like a man.
Cool down.
Don't think too much into it.
But that's not easy
for me to do.
I'm a thinker.
Give me a hug.
- [laughs]
- Coming up...
- How are we gonna
get past this?
- Who were you with?
Who were you with?
- Can I still
fall in love with you?
- Who were you with?
♪ ♪
- You should be
rubbing my feet.
I wear these for you.
Two restaurants,
two successful parties.
I think we can call it
a really successful day.
I'm gonna stay
till about 8 o'clock,
maybe have a bite to eat
and then sneak out.
I'm exhausted.
♪ ♪
[all chanting]
Anthony, Anthony, Anthony!
♪ ♪
- I need to clock out
and get the fááá out of here.
Here, you want to help?
- Sure.
- I think there's
some tens in there too.
- How much is that?
- I think I counted 748.
- 748?
- Compared to last year,
where I think I made 48.
- Yeah, it's crazy out there.
- I feel like a stripper today.
Like, this is what
they have to deal with
at the end of their shift.
- All ones.
So are we going
to the strip club?
Is that what you're saying?
- I mean, I guess we could
after all this.
[dance music]
♪ ♪
- Cover your noses.
- What the fááá is that?
- What the fááá is this?
- James, what happened?
- Seven hours of sex, mate.
That's what happened.
- With who?
♪ ♪
- People want
to have sex with James?
- Hi, guys.
- Hi, baby.
- Hey.
- How are you?
- What the F is going on?
James is going ape-sháá.
- I mean, can you just, like,
take him back?
Can you just, like--
- No, thank you, I'm good.
- Let's just pass him
to the next--
- So you're not
responsible for the...?
- Me?
God, no.
Get the fááá back.
- Uh-oh.
- Calm down.
- Calm down?
- Why are you so angry?
Because I had sex
with somebody else?
- Really?
- Someone seems really
hurt right now,
considering you didn't
want a boyfriend or anything.
- I'm not hurt.
I'm talking about being real.
You have no idea
what that means.
- It couldn't have been realer.
- Go away.
You are so disgusting.
Like, I can't.
Go away.
- You are one to talk,
Kristen Doherty.
- Go away.
- Can we come over here
for one fáááing second?
- Fine, if you don't shout
at me, you keep telling me
you're gonna beat my ass,
'cause I know you will, so...
- You're God damn
right I will.
Go over there.
- All right, you first.
- James is such a cocky,
little piece of sháá.
This self-destructive pattern
of, "I don't care,
"and I don't--
you know, whatever.
I'll do whatever I want."
I'm just gonna sit back
and eat popcorn
and watch what's gonna happen.
Meet me at Tom's later?
- I definitely will be
at Tom's later.
- What?
- Yes, I will.
- We'll see you later, then?
- Yes, definitely.
Come here.
- Jax is like a bloody vulture.
I mean, he's waiting for Lala
to get mad at me
just so he can, like,
swoop in on little remains.
I mean, didn't he
just do this with Kristen?
How are we gonna get
past this?
Because we will.
- Who were you with?
- Can I still
fall in love with you?
- Who were you with?
Who were you with...
that did whatever you like?
- Lauren.
That girl that you were just
standing with
who's the host now.
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
- There you go.
You wanted me to be honest?
There you go.
What was she doing,
lying to you all day?
Yep.
- Should I beat your ass
or should I beat--all right.
We're good.
- Hey, you want to slap me?
- Yep. Bye.
- Hey.
- Nope.
- Lala...
- We're good. We're good.
- No?
All right, bye.
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
- Lala...
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
- Lauren is with
the bartender, Anthony.
That's fáááed up.
The marks on James
are from her.
She fáááed him.
- Yeah.
- Last night.
No, I swear to God.
- James and Lauren
fáááed me over,
and now it's time
for me to do some fáááing.
[dramatic music]
- That is fáááed up
of you.
- No!
We're not doing that.
No! You did--no!
You did--
No.
That's not fair.
It is not fáááing--
how am I gonna be the one
who's talking about fáááing
everything I've been through,
and then she's fáááing
the dude I'm making out with
and making music with?
No, no, no, no, no,
no, no, no, no.
- Right now, I'm feeling like
I can't trust anybody right now.
- So you did?
You did sleep with him.
- Be real with me.
- I am being real with you.
- Oh, my God!
- Coming up...
- I mean, do you really
want to go through all this?
- Oh, no. I'm done.
I'm over it.
[giggling]
- Come on.
♪ ♪
- You all right?
I was coming
to find you actually.
- I'm a little flustered.
Is this, like,
a normal occurrence at Sur?
- Well, I mean, I--
I didn't have time
to warn you
about all this stuff.
- You warned me a little bit,
but like, this is too much.
- How are you enjoying
any of this?
- Oh, no, I'm over it.
That's why I was like,
"Jax and I
probably would connect,
"because it's always, like,
you're real from the jump."
- It is what it is.
- And I feel like I was
continuously real with him,
and he just lied
the whole time.
So that's when
I have a problem.
When someone's
not real with me.
- You know,
I really feel for Lala.
I mean, she's really
getting her PhD in Sur today.
- I'm good.
- So, that being said,
we're gonna go to Tom's.
- Can I come?
- You want to go?
- Do you like
how I invite myself
before you even invite me?
[laughs]
- We're good. Let's go.
- All right.
- Sorry, baby.
Hi, babe!
- Um, I guess
we'll see you at your house?
All right.
See you guys later.
- Hey, you move fast.
- Since James decided
to throw respect out the window,
nothing is stopping me
from getting with Jax.
Let's get it popping, Daddy.
- Let's go.
Come on. Let's go.
Come on.
Are you okay?
- I mean,
it's a little weird for me.
- Wait.
Is she going home with him?
- What is going on?
- We'll have a good time
and here's the thing.
You have to understand,
you're hanging out
with a 22-year-old
who's gonna feed you
all kinds of sháá.
- No, I'm over it.
- Come on.
- That's clipped.
- Next time on
"Vanderpump Rules"...
- I love being with you,
and I plan on
being with you
for a very, very long time.
- Mm-hmm.
- I don't want to screw this up.
- So are you allowed to,
like, still go
and have drinks with me?
- I can do that.
- I'm not asking
to suck your dááá.
I'm asking you to have a drink.
- Jesus Christ.
- Are you guys making,
like, a business plan?
- I feel, at this point,
it would be non-beneficial.
- What's up, Jason?
- Welcome to the office.
- I'm not too rehearsed,
but I feel confident.
I know what I'm talking about.
- I want to know what you guys
have been doing the last week,
since we last met.
- It's funny that you
step in on it
the second
I get done with her.
- I have a girl.
I'm good, dude.
- Do you?
Do you have a girl right now?
- James has this ego
that needs
to be brought down
a few pegs.
- You've got nothing
going for you. You've got--
- So upset right now.
- You've got nothing but Jax.
- James fixates on Jax.
It is time for you to get
over this Jax thing.
Fááá, you're psy--.
You didn't just spit on my door.
- Yeah, bitch.
- To see more of
"Vanderpump Rules,"
go to BravoTV.com.